Text to Image Conversion

From Image: scp 7179.png
Item #: SCP-7179
Object Class: Safe

‘Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-7179 is unable
to be accessed or witnessed through non-anomalous means,
containment is not required.

Description: SCP-7179 refers to an unknown number of
cubic extradimensional spaces, measuring approximately
10km on each edge. Upon any human's death, their
consciousness is transported to an instance of SCP-7179,
where they will physically remanifest in the same state as they
were upon death, except in perfect health. Based on limited
‘observation and experimentation, there are no known cases of
human death where the consciousness does not appear in an
SCP-7179,

 

Aside from insignificant differences between each of them, instances of SCP-7179 are functionally identical. Each space is.
‘an oceanic environment with a single tropical island in the center. The environment of the space remains at a consistent,
‘temperature: one which is of adequate comfort to the deceased individual. Furthermore, SCP-7179 instances never display
stormy or otherwise violent weather, and the sun perpetually remains directly above the island, leaving it in eternal daytime.
As there seems to be no natural wind in SCP-7179, there is no natural water activity either. Individuals attempting to leave an
‘SCP-7179 instance simply end up on the opposite edge of the same space, with SCP-7179 acting as a functional omnilock.
Additionally, the passage of time within SCP-7179 is highly inconsistent with that of baseline reality.

Plant life in SCP-7179 bears several different species of edible, tropical fruits. Other fruits of unknown species are also
present which are analogous to substances such as alcohol, methamphetamine, and cocaine. Animal life includes several
varieties of tropical birds, butterflies, and a few instances of domestic pigs.

(On the coast of each island is a beach house which contains various amenities and furniture for sustainable living. Each
house is home to up to three human beings of sexual preference to the inhabitant; these beings seemingly bear no will of
their own and are completely loyal to the deceased, but are otherwise completely identical to normal humans. Injuries
suffered by humans within SCP-7179 heal at a normal rate, although death is impossible; seemingly fatal injuries are thus
recoverable, albeit quite painfully.

From Image: scp 3308.png
‘Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3308 is currently
housed within Hangar 91, a unit specially constructed by the
Foundation on the face of Mount Mitchell, part of the
Appalachian mountain range in the area of Yancey County,
North Carolina. Despite the angle of the slope, the compound
‘maintains level balance using a large mechanical platform and
‘swivel joint at its base, able to be remotely controlled by staff
at Site 104. The edifice has been deemed off limits to civilians
under the guise of a top secret testing facility.

From Image: scp 2316.png
Special Containment Procedures: Under no circumstances are Foundation personnel to approach
SCP-2316. Observation of SCP-2316 must only be carried out by remote dummy probes utilizing
video and audio recording equipment. Only those personnel adequately rated for exposure to
cognitohazardous anomalies may review footage and audio of SCP-2316.

The lake in which SCP-2316 is located has been quarantined and fenced off, and is to be routinely
patrolled by individuals who have not been exposed to SCP-2316, and have no prior knowledge of
its characteristics. You do not recognize the bodies in the water. Individuals who attempt to bypass
the enforced quarantine must be apprehended and moved to Site-33 for a full cognitive influence
screening. Individuals who come within 50m of the lake containing SCP-2316 are to be considered
lost.

 

Please repeat the following phrase slowly and clearly into your terminal
microphone:

   

I do not recognize the bodies in the water.

From Image: sample2.png
Sample Text 2

